if you guys have got some shitty skins
and you want to turn them into a dope
skin the check LCS crew sounds like the
fairest trade market prices use my
referral code at juicy pretty with three
ways to get selves of free a fifty
dollar commission free trade enjoy the
video peace
what's going on guys welcome to kya
kaise today we have my own funds this is
not sponsored funds this is 100% my own
money you have some fun on kya case
because it's been a while since I made
of you on this site I've gathered a lot
of discounts from the bonus YouTube guys
didn't know every day you can open a
bonus pizza and you can literally stack
them up so you can do as many as you
like if you look at the screen you can
see I've got five of these ten percents
off two of these which I'm going to be
using and then two of these 25 set of
the mad packing this loads can get you
can even get 25% off Donald Trump case
is actually saving you $50 which is kind
of insane so yeah what could be opening
today is we're going to be opening the
king pack we're gonna be opening two of
those and we're gonna be opening two of
the master chef cases so this could be a
short video but it's going to be big
skins involved hopefully yeah hopefully
make a profit it's going to be
interesting because these are support
the top three biggest cases on the site
we're gonna start off with the two
massive sheep cases yeah let's just get
straight into it but let's just that
can't shit let's do it well I really
hope these are good I really don't want
to do test spin because if it's anything
good on the Testament I'm gonna be salty
I think we're just going to dive right
in we've got ten percent off of this one
from the furnace pizza so instead of
seventy-five dollars is 57 it's only a
small amount but it's still five six
seven dollars saving each time so it's
worth it yeah let's do it okay here we
go first knife please don't be a gut
knife or a fashion knife anything else
I'll be happy with just not a gut a
knife or a fire because they suck dick
three two one come on please do be a gun
i board ok flip knife it that's good
basic to fit life aid I'll be more than
happy flip knife aid please please come
on don't be garbo please be good please
together combo Hey okay we got a flip
knife for real for us $63 that's not bad
it's actually not that bad like we only
lost four dollars we only lost four
dollars here we go let's open another
Master sheep case I really should do
test spins but I feel like that's maybe
a bad idea I don't know because I'll
just get salty if I get anything good
and I should have pressed open instead
of test your luck whatever three
do one I'm not looking I'm not looking
don't be a gut knife or a function I fan
die we I'll be really happy I'm not
looking you guys already know what knife
it is I don't know what pattern is gonna
be there oh please you guys please be
good please be good did ya shake I've
got knife scorched that's literally the
most gun which can I get a gut feel
tested as well
I live in fact renew fuck's sake alright
never mind let's remove all saltiness
from our wounds and let's open the to
boss packs these could save the entire
video
we need saving here we go 131 dollars
it's normally 125 so I'm saving myself a
decent amount money it's a knife and a
gun skin well okay here we go
3 2 1 fuck me sideways
come on bleep you guys know something
cool okay that's good
you okay you know what that's a slight
loss kind of upset I thought it's going
to be like a bear condition the
well-worn but as a pistol it's not bad
hundred twenty-eight dollars from back
from 131 not too shabby
not too shabby but not the best feel
okay here we go final one after this
we're gonna do them I think a marksman
pack I'm psyching myself up all right
last one I'm not gonna look I'm not
gonna look here we go three two one
please please pie cake please can I get
please be good oh my god help
I've literally never owned how I've
never owned how yo you don't understand
how happy I am what the fuck oh my god
what look I could how Ana knife I spent
a hundred and thirty one dollars and go
back nearly a thousand dollars and this
isn't even like finished because this is
my own actual money they didn't give me
any of this money that's insane
that's literally insane probably good
time to mention my card if you guys want
to open a free case on the site
absolutely free just use my code juicy
if you open this little window here and
you go to provoke Oh to type in juicy
yourselves free I think 50 Cent's to
play with you can open a free case out
of that it's pretty dope it's free skins
I'm going to withdraw these as fast as
possible
let's not together we still actually
have another case to open which is I
think we're going to do the sniper pack
because we have enough just by like 14
Peas okay so that means this video I'm
going to doing a giveaway of $25 skin
and it's not perfect English but you
guys understand why don't when they give
wait make sure you leave a little bit of
it make sure that you know I'm literally
so happy I can't speak English if you
guys want to win the skin make sure to
leave a like and comment your trade link
below in order to answer that's how can
you know find you let's see we get you
imagine if you got something insane like
a glock fade as well you can get a gold
face in this I'm pretty sure I'm not too
sure actually I might be talking shit
Joey flush them Dragon Ball for a second
okay we got a son in the air let's sell
back these I'll keep the stickers just
in case you never know it might be worth
something in the future I don't know our
inventories insane what oh my goodness
be sure to send this one first collect I
don't want to sell it almost press that
I legit almost pressed that okay confirm
that was close collect confirm collect
confirm I'm going to show you guys
afterwards once all the students come
through they might even come through
straight away I don't know it normally
it takes between 24 hours to come
through that's in bad size to kya kaise
which is you know the late trade offers
but it's worth it if you can get dropped
fucking build tested howls you know I'm
going to stop talking I'm going to cut
to the part where I receive the skin but
thank you guys so much for watching make
sure leave a like enter the contest I
might even give away a $50 skin I don't
know we'll see I'll write in a comment
section below so be sure to give that
area a look to see what I'm giving away
yeah this has been insane
Courbet like on a plugin you don't know
why I do these things I don't know
Spira bowl for myself to be one of the
best I can yeah what I wanna get you
down